"Our nature consists in motion complete rest is death." - Blaise Pascal
"Death does not concern us, because as long as we exist, death is not here. And when it does come, we no longer exist." - Epicurus
"The less I needed the better I felt." - Charles Bukowski
"Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it." - Brian Kernighan
"Talk is cheap. Show me the code." - Linus Torvalds
"If people think nature is their friend, then they sure don't need an enemy." - Kurt Vonnegut
"True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country." - Kurt Vonnegut
"Artists don't talk about art. Artists talk about work. If I have anything to say to young writers, it's stop thinking of writing as art. Think of it as work." - Paddy Chayefsky
"I am a soul. I know well that what I shall render up to the grave is not myself. That which is myself will go elsewhere. Earth, thou art not my abyss!" - Victor Hugo
"The art of writing is the art of discovering what you believe." - Gustave Flaubert
"A work of art is the unique result of a unique temperament." - Oscar Wilde
"Why should poetry have to make sense?" - Charlie Chaplin
"The absurd is the essential concept and the first truth." - Albert Camus
"Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower." - Albert Camus
"Men are convinced of your arguments, your sincerity, and the seriousness of your efforts only by your death." - Albert Camus
"Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend." - Albert Camus
"Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear." - Albert Camus
"In the depth of winter I finally learned that there was in me an invincible summer." - Albert Camus
"Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears." - Albert Camus
"A man growing old becomes a child again." - Sophocles
"Don't limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time." - Rabindranath Tagore
"History, despite its wrenching pain, cannot be unlived, but if faced with courage, need not be lived again." - Maya Angelou
"All women become like their mothers. That is their tragedy. No man does. That's his." - Oscar Wilde
"Feminism is hated because women are hated. Anti-feminism is a direct expression of misogyny it is the political defense of women hating." - Andrea Dworkin
"Death is the veil which those who live call life; They sleep, and it is lifted." - Percy Bysshe Shelley
"O Death, rock me asleep, bring me to quiet rest, let pass my weary guiltless ghost out of my careful breast." - Anne Boleyn
"Personally, I would be delighted if there were a life after death, especially if it permitted me to continue to learn about this world and others, if it gave me a chance to discover how history turns out." - Carl Sagan
"Death is one moment, and life is so many of them." - Tennessee Williams
"Nothing can happen more beautiful than death." - Walt Whitman
"The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins?" - Edgar Allan Poe
"The ceaseless labour of your life is to build the house of death." - Michel de Montaigne
"Life and death are one thread, the same line viewed from different sides." - Lao Tzu
"After your death you will be what you were before your birth." - Arthur Schopenhauer
"Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes." - Oscar Wilde
"I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best." - Oscar Wilde
"Knowing that we can be loved exactly as we are gives us all the best opportunity for growing into the healthiest of people." - Fred Rogers
"If you are going to sin, sin against God, not the bureaucracy. God will forgive you but the bureaucracy won't." - Hyman Rickover
"Absence and death are the same - only that in death there is no suffering." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Death, therefore, the most awful of evils, is nothing to us, seeing that, when we are, death is not come, and, when death is come, we are not." - Epicurus
"Death is the golden key that opens the palace of eternity." - John Milton
"Beauty and the devil are the same thing." - Robert Mapplethorpe
"If you’ve never met the devil on the road of life, it's because you’re both heading in the same direction." - Anonymous
"Sad and sweet and wise Here a child reposes Dust is on his eyes, Quietly he lies - Satan, strew Roses." - Robert Williams Buchanan
"Satan, really, is the romantic youth of Jesus re-appearing for a moment." - James Joyce
"I don't think I really know just how cool Satan really was when I was in Junior High School. Now, thanks to Marilyn Manson, it's no longer a secret." - Jim Coleman
"It would be difficult for me not to conclude that the most perfect type of masculine beauty is Satan, as portrayed by Milton." - Charles Baudelaire
"But who prays for Satan? Who in eighteen centuries, has had the common humanity to pray for the one sinner that needed it most." - Mark Twain